DeepPhe
=======

# Cancer Deep Phenotype Extraction (DeepPhe) Project
## Introduction v0.2.0

This documentation describes v0.2.0 of
* the base DeepPhe system, which analyzes documents and produces information about Cancers and Tumors
* and [DeepPhe Viz](https://github.com/DeepPhe/DeepPhe-Viz), for visualizing the cancer patient summaries generated by the DeepPhe system.

The output of DeepPhe has elements that are specific to the following three cancer domains:
* Breast Cancer
* Ovarian Cancer
* Malignant Melanoma

The system has been tested against documents from those three domains.

## Quick Start
1. [Install the base](../../wiki/Quick-Start) DeepPhe system.
2. [Install DeepPhe-Viz](../../../DeepPhe-Viz/blob/master/README.md), the DeepPhe Visualizer.


## Using DeepPhe
1. Preparing the documents you would like to process
    - Save the documents as plaintext files, one directory per patient 
    - [Naming](../../wiki/Naming-Input-Files) the files you would like to process
2. [Configuring](../../wiki/Input-and-Output-Directories) your input and output directories
3. [Telling](../../wiki/Cancer-Domains) the system which cancer domain your files belong to
4. [Listing](../../wiki/Section-Headings) the section headings used by your institution
2. [Running](../../wiki/Quick-Start) the DeepPhe system
3. [Inspecting](../../wiki/DeepPhe-Output) the output files
4. [Viewing](../../../DeepPhe-Viz/blob/master/README.md) the results using DeepPhe-Viz
5. [Accessing](../../wiki/Quick-Start#output-data-in-neo4j) the neo4j database directly  
    - This release of DeepPhe uses neo4j 3.2.x. WARNING - do not simply download the latest version of neo4j.

## Advanced Topics
Visit the [DeepPhe wiki](../../wiki/Advanced-Topics) for more.

## Licensing
DeepPhe is provided under an [Academic Software Use Agreement](LICENSE)  
Refer to that agreement for information about requesting the use of the Software for commercial purposes.

DeepPhe includes portions of the HemOnc.org ontology. Refer to [HemOnc.org](https://hemonc.org/wiki/Ontology) regarding the licensing of the HemOnc.org ontology.

DeepPhe includes portions of the [NCI Thesaurus](https://ncit.nci.nih.gov/ncitbrowser/) (NCIt).

## Contact / Help
_Please drop us a note if you obtain the code, by posting to the [DeepPhe group]( https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/deepphe)_.  Metrics on downloads and usage could help us with funding future enhancements.

For questions, contact us via the [DeepPhe group]( https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/deepphe).
